DOC-1557 - Downloads Tab (#6536)
spectrocloud/librarium: _partials/capi-image-builder/_download-capi-image-builder-repository.mdx

---
partial_category: capi-image-builder
partial_name: download-capi-image-builder-repository
---

> The latest version of the CAPI Image Builder repository is `v1.5.0`.

Reviewer: This sentence will not always be true (older version branches, for ex). no?

Author: We currently tell the user to download this version of the repository, though. I changed it to "The latest version..." as I was assuming we're asking them to download the latest version, which is currently v1.5.0.

The intention is to place the version within this partial so we can update it if it increments in a new release.

Also, I'm only backporting this to 4.6, and not earlier versions. Do you think this makes sense?

Author: After taking a look at the repo, I noticed that there are later versions, so I'm not sure why we target v1.5.0 specifically. In any case, I'll adjust the wording to be clearer.

Author: ```suggestion
Download version `v1.5.0` of the CAPI Image Builder repository.
```
